Report error on shadowing state variables (#7817)
ethereum/solidity: docs/060-breaking-changes.rst

  If the name contains a dot, its prefix up to the dot may not conflict with any declaration outside the inline
  assembly block.

> * State variable shadowing is now disallowed. That is, if you have a derived contract that has a state variable ``x``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* State variable shadowing is now disallowed. A derived contract can only declare a state variable ``x``, if there is no state variable with the same name in any of its bases.
```
?

Reviewer 2: Well, that's not true. If a base contract has a state variable with same name but `private`, that works.

Reviewer 2: Shadowing happens when the derived contract actually inherits the base one.

Reviewer 3: "...there is no visible state variable with the same..."?
